adds new API signup form, and API option to the general signup form (#205)
arXiv/arxiv-docs: about/user-testing-api.md

> Join arXiv's API User Testing group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join arXiv's API User Testing Group
```

===========================

<style>
blockquote {
  border-left: 0;
  -webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 8px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.12);
  -moz-box-shadow: 0px 3px 8px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.12);
  box-shadow: 0px 3px 8px 0px rgba(0,0,0,0.12);
  padding:1em;
  margin-bottom:1.5em;
}
@media (min-width: 576px) {
  blockquote {
    padding: 2em;
  }
}
</style>

> at arXiv we have been working on a new and improved API and will be conducting testing with the wider community. We value your input and welcome you to join in our user testing group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At arXiv we have been working on new and improved APIs and will be conducting testing with the wider community. We value your input and welcome you to join in our user testing group.
```
